Update admin-mobile-app.md (#3646)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/admin-overview/admin-mobile-app.md

  
### What languages are supported by the app?

> The app supports all 39 languages that the web-based Microsoft 365 admin center supports. To change the language, select the app launch icon in the upper bar and click on settings and Language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app supports all 39 languages that the web-based Microsoft 365 admin center supports. To change the language, select the app launch icon in the upper bar and choose **Settings** > **Language**.
```
